So you should probably keep looking at the job that you want to persue
there's a lot to learn and I've been doing this job for a long time
and there's always things that I can still learn but you want to have
a solid foundation so that if someone asks you what an electrician
does what a computer science does then you can respond in a decent
way even though you might not have done it before or know about it
yourself personally as long as you can give that that saying to someone
then you're on the right track after that go on the internet you
know browse what different people do that might not help so much because
for instance you can type in Mark Zuckerberg and you'll see that
he does all these things but you don't know exactly how he does it
so the next best thing would be to see the things that professionals
do and then start doing them. So for instance, computer scientists
they learn a language C#, C++ so probably start on you're own language
the kind of engineers they work on little robotic stuff movable
things so for instance find something at Radio Shack that you can start
working on you want to have some kind of portfolio that you can
if you can manage it  you want to have some kind of portfolio that
you can show to other people to prove that hey ya know like I'm interested
in this career and I think from that point on the next thing
that you're suppose to do are gonna start falling down like dominoes.